chore: improve dbt-athena profile page (#5045)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/core/connect-data-platform/athena-setup.md

    dev:
      type: athena
      s3_staging_dir: [s3_staging_dir]
      s3_data_dir: [s3_data_dir]
      s3_data_naming: [table_unique] # the type of naming convention used when writing to S3
      region_name: [region_name]
      database: [database name]
      schema: [dev_schema]

>       aws_profile_name: [optional, profile to use from your AWS shared credentials file.]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      aws_profile_name: [optional profile to use from your AWS shared credentials file.]
```

      threads: [1 or more]

>       num_retries: [0 or more] # number of retries performed by the adapter, by default 5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      num_retries: [0 or more] # number of retries performed by the adapter. Defaults to 5
```
